I fell in love, traces of tears
The rain is a trailer for a rainbow
Why aren't you here?
The most famous words in the world
I try to be strong and resentful
La La La Love
It's like the end credits of a movie
I love you, I love you, I love you
Don't say it like you say goodbye
I don't need "I love you" anymore
"Just now, you stopped time. For one second"
I couldn't tell you that I fell for you
If you're not here,
It's like the day after eternity
The gods have been too cruel
It's like the end credits of a bad movie
I love you, I love you, I love you
Don't just say what's right
Words like I love you, I love you, I love you
You're tired of hearing this cliché, right?
Yet rock bands and pop idols too
Everyone sings "I love you"
(Let's write a love song for ugly us)
I wonder why I need to tell you?
(Ugly I love you, I love you, I love you)
Just repeating the same words, I love you
(Love song, I love you, I love you, I love you)
It was just like the end credits of a movie
Your last smile
And yet still,
I love you, I love you, I love you
I'll never get enough
Love Love Love
I love you